content/about/index.md, before:

---
title: "About"
date: 2023-06-21
draft: false
---

I'm tired of forwarding memes to saved messages, so I started this channel.

{{< youtube S_v172PgToE >}}

Tags

location:

#random_world
#random_city

#random_USA

#random_UK

#random_EU

#random_Amsterdam

#random_Brussels
#random_Brugge
#random_Antwerpen

#random_Helsinki
#random_Lappeenranta

#random_Tallin

#random_Vilnius
#random_Uzupis

#random_DE
#random_Berlin

#random_Prague

#random_Poland
#random_Warszawa
#random_Krakow
#random_Wroclaw
#random_Lodz
#random_Gdansk

#random_Italy
#random_Venice

#random_Balkan

#random_Croatia
#random_Zagreb
#random_Zadar

#random_Romanian

#random_Serbia
#random_Uzice
#random_Nis
#random_Belgrade

#random_AM

#random_Georgia

#random_India

#random_Chinese

#random_RU
#random_ekb
#random_spb
#random_Tula
#random_Moscow
#random_zamkad
#random_Kislovodsk
#random_NizhnyNovgorod
#random_Kaliningrad
#random_Rybinsk
#random_Ulyanovsk
#random_Vladimir
#random_Tavatui

#random_Minsk

#random_chat

type

#alcohol
#spirit
#beer
#visualbeereducation
#wine
#bar
#cocktail
#cakes
#coffee
#tea
#milk
#sugar
#lactosefree
#food
#recipe
#cakes

#book
#article
#paper
#preprint
#cheatsheet
#sheets
#checklist
#text
#blog
#notes
#pdf
#comics
#comics_strip
#visualization
#video
#lecture
#film
#anime
#series
#standup
#podcast
#music
#НТП
#rap
#harp
#fashion
#style
#picture
#art
#inktober
#cards
#fact

#CuppasCulturalCapers
#visa
#nansen
#LaBiennaleDiVenezia
#lgbt
#pride
#oktoberfest
#holiday
#valentines
#calendar

#sketch

#avia
#aero
#plane
#ppl
#airplane
#transport
#train
#elevator

#link
#tool
#chaos
#linux
#az900
#azure
#systemd
#career
#ChatGPT
#networks
#DevOps
#SRE
#FinOps
#IT
#security
#CORS
#ML
#AI
#DataScience
#AlphaFold
#correlations
#statistic
#pptx
#UIUX
#interface
#Design
#font
#type
#NFC
#github
#code
#engineering
#Robots
#3Dprinters
#dron
#smallPC
#multiTool
#pc
#mobile
#bio
#genome
#dna
#neuro
#bioinformatics
#chemistry
#drug
#covid
#odor
#anosmia
#eye
#language
#matemarketing
#detective
#Airflow
#science
#app
#pop
#game
#doom
#map
#earthquake
#QnA
#xkcd

#award
#conference
#competitions

#googleit
#twitter
#tiktok
#reddit
#inst
#site

#fun
#pan
#meme
#joke
#fail
#magic
#time
#cat
#dog
#kotaworld
#store
#shop
#market
#aliexpress
#amazon
#tshirt
#veryuglyplates
#candles
#watch
#Deadline 
#euro
#bike
#emoji
#cyberpunk
#error404
#document
#scifi
#test
#tour
#Метапорно
#empathy
#NFT
#Wiedzmin
#wiedżmin
#ryboczlek
#SapBirch
#NoWar
#MakePeaceNotWar
#Ukraine
#URFU

Commit message:

update about and personal info

content/about/index.md, after:

---
title: "About"
date: 2023-06-21
draft: false
---

Hello world! I'm Iana (Ashedow) and I'm interested in everything. 
Шэь interested in a huge number of things, from culture and anthropology, in all its forms, to airplanes and medicine.

Right now, I am most excited about developing in the area of big data analysis and visualization.

This site is kinda result of compilation and reworking of a huge amount of my notes, links, sheets and so on.


Tag list for my posts:

location:

#random_world
#random_city

#random_USA

#random_UK

#random_EU

#random_Amsterdam

#random_Brussels
#random_Brugge
#random_Antwerpen

#random_Helsinki
#random_Lappeenranta

#random_Tallin

#random_Vilnius
#random_Uzupis

#random_DE
#random_Berlin

#random_Prague

#random_Poland
#random_Warszawa
#random_Krakow
#random_Wroclaw
#random_Lodz
#random_Gdansk

#random_Italy
#random_Venice

#random_Balkan

#random_Croatia
#random_Zagreb
#random_Zadar

#random_Romanian

#random_Serbia
#random_Uzice
#random_Nis
#random_Belgrade

#random_AM

#random_Georgia

#random_India

#random_Chinese

#random_RU
#random_ekb
#random_spb
#random_Tula
#random_Moscow
#random_zamkad
#random_Kislovodsk
#random_NizhnyNovgorod
#random_Kaliningrad
#random_Rybinsk
#random_Ulyanovsk
#random_Vladimir
#random_Tavatui

#random_Minsk

#random_chat

type

#alcohol
#spirit
#beer
#visualbeereducation
#wine
#bar
#cocktail
#cakes
#coffee
#tea
#milk
#sugar
#lactosefree
#food
#recipe
#cakes

#book
#article
#paper
#preprint
#cheatsheet
#sheets
#checklist
#text
#blog
#notes
#pdf
#comics
#comics_strip
#visualization
#video
#lecture
#film
#anime
#series
#standup
#podcast
#music
#НТП
#rap
#harp
#fashion
#style
#picture
#art
#inktober
#cards
#fact

#CuppasCulturalCapers
#visa
#nansen
#LaBiennaleDiVenezia
#lgbt
#pride
#oktoberfest
#holiday
#valentines
#calendar

#sketch

#avia
#aero
#plane
#ppl
#airplane
#transport
#train
#elevator

#link
#tool
#chaos
#linux
#az900
#azure
#systemd
#career
#ChatGPT
#networks
#DevOps
#SRE
#FinOps
#IT
#security
#CORS
#ML
#AI
#DataScience
#AlphaFold
#correlations
#statistic
#pptx
#UIUX
#interface
#Design
#font
#type
#NFC
#github
#code
#engineering
#Robots
#3Dprinters
#dron
#smallPC
#multiTool
#pc
#mobile
#bio
#genome
#dna
#neuro
#bioinformatics
#chemistry
#drug
#covid
#odor
#anosmia
#eye
#language
#matemarketing
#detective
#Airflow
#science
#app
#pop
#game
#doom
#map
#earthquake
#QnA
#xkcd

#award
#conference
#competitions

#googleit
#twitter
#tiktok
#reddit
#inst
#site

#fun
#pan
#meme
#joke
#fail
#magic
#time
#cat
#dog
#kotaworld
#store
#shop
#market
#aliexpress
#amazon
#tshirt
#veryuglyplates
#candles
#watch
#Deadline 
#euro
#bike
#emoji
#cyberpunk
#error404
#document
#scifi
#test
#tour
#Метапорно
#empathy
#NFT
#Wiedzmin
#wiedżmin
#ryboczlek
#SapBirch
#NoWar
#MakePeaceNotWar
#Ukraine
#URFU
